fix(na): fix link for api docs in 4.11 release, correct cursor number in API docs (#1606)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/core/releases/4.11.0.md

The CHT datasource API has been expanded to allow querying places and persons by contact type.

##### Details

> See more details in the [API docs](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/building/reference/api/#get-apiv1person).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more details in the [API docs]({{< relref "building/reference/api#get-apiv1person" >}}).
```

Author: ugh - that was lazy of me - thanks for the fix!
